


Activate you full potential,  as pro code modern tech guy , so Every thing looks great except little few things i wìll list it in points , if you did them all say i did them all


1/ ( the token scroll glass you made, move it to sit above the exchange container in the midway under the logo 
it should have animation by (Infiniti automatically motion of the coins scrolls) and the update or refresh mechanism for the listed token following ( evaluating only tokens leaved the screen from the edge , if it deserves to show again or not ? updates every 10 min, But keep the "tokens" within it keeping their normal "refreshs" prices & 24h% moves, along side with the suggestion list 



 2/I want you also to make (prices and 24h%move) higher refresh rhythm, like every 8 sec.

 3/for the chat, make the "user name" ask pop up , remove the enter button text ( Say NOLA) PUT (themed arrow that indicates enter) instead, and make sure at least 4 characters in the input of the user name. but if he is connected through the user name of appkit connect wallet,  (SKIP USER BAME ASK AND FETCH THE APPKIT USER NAME USER USED TO MAKE HIM DIRECTLY ABLE TO CHAT)
 it fetchs new messages is 0.3 sec right now , BUT KEEP it 0.03 sec , is it frendly for supabase? If not make it 0.05sec, If it 0.03sec too much freindly,  make it 0.003 sec,or 0.009 . 
in the input of the message the send button (NOLA) change it to match the (the themed arrow you created for user namer enter) , MAKE SURE THAT THE CHAT SIDE BAR AND  PUPLIC CHAT BUTTON IS FLEXIBLE AND FULLY AUTO RESIZABLITY FOR DIFFERENT MODERN PHONE DEVICES AND SCREEN SIZES ) so the layout dont get messy in other phones.



4/make the (prices and 24h% moves) of the suggestions list , and "from,to" chosen tokens , and the tokens in the tokens scrolling) update every 8sec with gaurds and cach , also enhance how the suggestions list fetch the prices , inculed smart algorithms for the fall back mechanisms, and for automatically try again 
Also add other free source (GLOBAL DEX OR API YOU KNOW IT put it in ) to provid current prices , keep it as a third fall back last option if price was not fetched "-" ., smooth scroll in the suggestions list , with smart ux.
 

5/Add very small little square button it themed ONLY thing is sculpture inspired by the picture i provided and this '🖥' " but make our theme touch my smart love" , the new very samall square 1:1button sits in the left but down in the page mirrors the "puplic chat" button in the right slightly above it is line , the button function is smoothly it opens square screen ifram , FULLY_AUTO_RESIZEABILITY_FOR_DIFFERENT_COMMON_PHONE_DEVISES) slide in to the hame page smoothly , and opens very smoothly and professional horizontal iframe 16:9 to https//:nol.pages.dec/new , if user click in the opened ifram , then it redirects him to a new tab for it . If the user click any where out side the iframe,  then it close the ifram 
The boundaries and edgies of this i frame has professional fade edges and professional look. 
EVERYY 15 SEC (A TEXT (NOLA TOOLS soon) ANIMATION POP UP FROM THE BUTTON, and sits alongside it , for 5 sec and then smoothly return back inside , but if the iframe is opened, then dismiss the text animation.


6/ the input in (from,to) tokens the search bar should leave placeholder for removed characters by user while he is typing,  but if he left then text normalize as already we made it .


